#summary How to build the eConference Planning Poker Plug-in
#labels Phase-Deploy

<wiki:toc max_depth="4" />

= How to build eConference Planning Poker Plug-in 1.x =

== Build the eConference 3.x ==
Follow the [http://code.google.com/p/econference/wiki/HowToBuildEConf instructions] to build eConference 3.x

== Checkout the SVN repository ==

After that, open the _Window | Open perspective_ menu (see Fig. 3)...

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn2.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 3. Display all the available perspectives*</p>
<br>
<br>

...and select _SVN Repository Exploring_ (see Fig. 4)

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn3.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 4. Add the SVN Repository Exploring perpective to the workbench*</p>
<br>
<br>

After switching to the _SVN Repository Exploring_ perspective, add a new repository as shown below (Fig. 5).

<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/svn4.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 5. Add the SVN Repository Location*</p>
<br>
<br>

Now, enter {{{http://econference-planning-poker-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/}}} in the url field of the wizard and click the _Finish_ button. Accept the Digital Certificate when prompted.
<br>
<br>

Once Subclipse has finished fetching data from the new repository, you will see the repository name show up in the tree table viewer on the left pane (Fig. 7). Browse _Trunk_, then select all the plugins and right-click and choose _Checkout..._ from the menu. 

<p align=center> <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 7. Checking out the prokects into the workspace*</p>
<br>
<br>

A 2-steps wizard will guide you. You are going to checkout each plugin as a separate project into your workspace. It could take a while, so be patient.

== Building the workspace ==
Once either the checkout or the import is complete, you can build your workspace, but just make sure that the Java compiler compliance level is set to 1.6 (see Fig. 8)


<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/javasettings.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 8. Set the Java Compiler Compliance Level to 1.6*</p>
<br>
<br>

== Launching the product ==
To launch the tool for the first time, open the {{{it.uniba.di.cdg.econference.planningpoker}}} package and open the {{{it.uniba.di.cdg.planningpoker.boot}}} product file. Then just click on the _Launch the product_ link in the _Overview_ tab.

<br>
<br>

If everthing is fine, you should see the tool splashscreen come up. Otherwise, you'll get a popup with error. Sometimes, on some machine, the tool doesn't start because it misses some of the plugins/projects that are supposed to be already in the classpath. To fix this issue, go to the _Run | Run ..._ menu and select the current product configuration under the _Eclipse Application_ (Fig. 10, A). Then press the _Validate Plug-in Set_ button (B). If an error message pops up, then close it and press the _Add Required Plug-ins_ button (C); otherwise here you are already ok (and the problem should be somewhere else :S).

From now on, you can just run the tool the way you usually do in Eclipse.


<p align=center><br>
<p align=center>*Figure 10. Validate the plug-ins set*</p>
<br>
<br>


== Exporting the product ==
Coming soon

== Code & Comments style ==
Last but not least, be also sure to stick on the same coding style that has been used so far.

Provided that you have succesfully configured and built the whole workspace, download [http://cdg.di.uniba.it/uploads/Research/econf_style.zip this archive], and finally import the following XML files, {{{codestyle.xml}}} and {{{codetemplates.xml}}} in Eclipse. To do so, just go in the _Windows | Preferences..._ menu, the browse the tree viewer and select _Code Style_ under the _Java_ branch. Import the two XML files in the proper page (see Fig. 15).


<p align=center>http://econference.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/img/formatter.JPG <br>
<p align=center>*Figure 15. Import code template and formatter style for the eConference project*</p>
<br>
<br>


== Troubleshooting ==

Please report comments or suggestions sending an email to one of the project owners. Thanks.